# Iot-System-Attacks-Classifier
This project was based on a research Article named: [CICIoT2023: A Real-Time Dataset and Benchmark for Large-Scale Attacks in IoT Environment](https://www.mdpi.com/1424-8220/23/13/5941). The main goal of this research is to propose a novel and extensive IoT attack dataset to foster the development of security analytics applications in real IoT operations. To accomplish this, 33 attacks are executed in an IoT topology composed of 105 devices. These attacks are classified into seven categories, namely DDoS, DoS, Recon, Web-based, brute force, spoofing, and Mirai. In addition, all attacks are executed by malicious IoT devices targeting other IoT devices. This dataset includes multiple attacks not available in other IoT datasets and enables IoT professionals to develop new security analytics solutions. Furthermore, the data are available in different formats, allowing researchers to use features extracted in our evaluation or engineer new features.\n
#### The main contributions of this research are: \n
* We design a new realistic IoT attack dataset, CICIoT2023, using an extensive topology composed of several real IoT devices acting as either attackers or victims.
* We perform, document, and collect data from 33 attacks divided into 7 classes against IoT devices and demonstrated how they can be reproduced.
* We evaluate the performance of machine and deep learning algorithms using the CICIoT2023 dataset to classify and detect IoT network traffic as malicious or benign.
